CNV-37570: Doc: use pipelines to manage VMs and boot sources (#77640)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-creating-vm-instancetype.adoc

.Procedure

. In the web console, navigate to *Virtualization* -> *Catalog*.
+
The *InstanceTypes* tab opens by default.
. Select either of the following options:
* Select a suitable bootable volume from the list. Note that the list might be truncated. Click the *Show all* button to display the entire list.
+
[NOTE]
====
The bootable volume table lists only those volumes in the `openshift-virtualization-os-images` namespace that have the `instancetype.kubevirt.io/default-preference` label.
====
+

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Author: @jldohmann 
Hi,
Do you mean making it a sub-bullet of the previous bullet? But why?

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Reviewer: yes, from the ISG: "If a step is optional, begin the step with the word _Optional_", which to me implies that it should be a separate step

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Reviewer: > It belongs to the first option. If you select a volume from the list, you can mark it as favorite.

sounds like a substep to me!

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Author: @jldohmann 
I see your point but a single sub-bullet looks strange, don't you think?

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Reviewer: we have single-step procedures in the documentation and the occasional single sub-bullet so maybe i'm used to how it looks 😄 but ultimately i'm just reviewing against our guidelines

> Optional: Click the star icon to designate a bootable volume as a favorite. Starred bootable volumes appear first in the volume list.

Author: @jldohmann OK, I've made it a sub-bullet.

* Click *Add volume* to upload a new volume or to use an existing persistent volume claim (PVC), a volume snapshot, or a `containerDisk` volume. Click *Save*.
+
Logos of operating systems that are not available in the cluster are shown at the bottom of the list. You can add a volume for the required operating system by clicking the *Add volume* link.
+
In addition, there is a link to the *Create a Windows boot source* quick start. The same link appears in a popover if you hover the pointer over the question mark icon next to the _Select volume to boot from_ line.
+

> Immediately after you install the environment or when the environment is disconnected, the list of volumes to boot from is empty. In that case, three operating system logos are displayed (Windows, RHEL, and Linux), and you can add a new volume that meets you requirements by clicking the *Add volume* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately after you install the environment or when the environment is disconnected, the list of volumes to boot from is empty. In that case, three operating system logos are displayed: Windows, {op-system-base}, and Linux. You can add a new volume that meets you requirements by clicking the *Add volume* button.
```
